[Doc] add badge for experimental features (#57403)
StarRocks/starrocks: docs/en/introduction/maturity.md

# Beta and experimental features

StarRocks features have five potential maturity levels:

- Experimental
- Beta
- Generally Available (GA)
- Deprecated
- Removed

Most of the StarRocks features are GA, and if there is no label in the documentation to indicate that a feature is Experimental, Beta, or Deprecated—then the feature is GA.

## Experimental features

- **Stability**: Possibly buggy, with minor known issues.
- **Maturity**: Low
- **Interface**: The interface may be changed in the future. This includes command syntax, configuration parameters, defaults, feature removal, etc.

> - **Availability**: Beta features are off by default, and need to be allowed by setting a parameter with SQL or in a configuration file.

Reviewer: Beta features?

> - **Availability**: Beta features are off by default, and need to be allowed by setting a parameter with SQL or in a configuration file.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Availability**: Experimental features are off by default, and need to be allowed by setting a parameter with SQL or in a configuration file.
```

- **Production readiness**: Experimental features should not be used in production.
- **Support**: Please open a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/issues) or ask questions in [Slack](https://starrocks.io/redirecting-to-slack) and the StarRocks Engineering team will try to help you.

## Beta features

- **Stability**: Well tested.
May be not good for corner cases.

> - **Maturity**: Core functionality is complete and ready for user testing. May lack secondary features, full performance optimization, or contain known limitations.

Reviewer: shorter? Core functionality is complete, May not be performance-optimized

> - **Maturity**: Core functionality is complete and ready for user testing. May lack secondary features, full performance optimization, or contain known limitations.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Maturity**: Core functionality is complete, May not be performance-optimized.
```

- **Interface**: The interface may be changed in the future. May be not backward compatible, may change a little.
- **Availability**: Beta features are off by default, and need to be allowed by setting a parameter with SQL or in a configuration file.
- **Production readiness**: Beta features are not recommended for production use.
- **Support**: Please open a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/issues) or ask questions in [Slack](https://starrocks.io/redirecting-to-slack) and the StarRocks Engineering team will try to help you.

## GA features

- **Stability**: Comprehensively tested.
- **Maturity**: High.
- **Interface**: Stable API.
- **Availability**: GA features are on by default.
- **Production readiness**: Production ready.

> - **Support**: The CelerData support team provides support to CelerData customers. Open-source community members should open a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/issues) or ask questions in [Slack](https://starrocks.io/redirecting-to-slack) and the StarRocks Engineering team will try to help you.

Reviewer: CelerData? or just support team?

> - **Support**: The CelerData support team provides support to CelerData customers. Open-source community members should open a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/issues) or ask questions in [Slack](https://starrocks.io/redirecting-to-slack) and the StarRocks Engineering team will try to help you.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Support**: The support team provides support to customers. Open-source community members should open a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/issues) or ask questions in [Slack](https://starrocks.io/redirecting-to-slack) and the StarRocks Engineering team will try to help you.
```
